There are no connections
between you and him whatsoever.
What, did you give the First Lady
some valuable information?
You should watch what you say.
The President is suffering from rumors
that he's appointed his closest man
as chief of the OPC,
controlling the ANSP
with his power of appointment and money.
You know that.
If you think that way,
it can't be good for the President.
Look at this bastard.
You're one sly bastard, aren't you?
I thought you were small fry,
but you're actually a sly snake?
When you deal with a snake,
you shouldn't step on its tail.
When it lifts its head,
you must trample on it
mercilessly to kill it. Got that?
Damn it…
What? Adultery?
He transferred tens of accounts
to Hanju Bank Sogong Branch lately,
so I thought it was weird.
He and the female branch manager…
Where's Kwon right now?
His wife sued him for adultery,
so the police caught him red-handed
in a hotel earlier.
Who does the President have in mind
for the next chief of the OPC?
Look into it secretly.
I did, sir, and… it's unprecedented.
We got intel that
Chief An Gyeong-hui has been appointed.
Chief An?
You are?
You're going to be the Chief of the OPC?
Oh, my God!
How amazing!
The fortuneteller said you were likely
to climb the ladder. He's so good!
I knew he was right!
Really?
Then, Charlotte, ask that fortuneteller
if there's a way for that bastard
Nam Tae-il to drop dead.
That bastard kicked me in the shin again.
The same spot he kicked last time!
Honey, honey.
They say money will
take care of everything for you.
You'll soon have an astronomical amount
of money at your disposal.
So what's the problem?
What's that stupid Nam Tae-il?
He'll crawl to you. Just wait and see.
Listen, honey. I got to go.
I should call the fortuneteller.
Has Mr. An been promoted?
What?
Not just any promotion.
The Chief of the OPC is
like Code 1's vault.
Not just anyone can get the job.
Congratulations--
Hello, sir. It's me.
My goodness. How are you so good, sir?
What you said has really happened.
Hello, ma'am.
Yes.
I'm thinking
of paying you a visit tomorrow.
Oh, right.
Isn't it time for you
to get new golf clubs?
What do you say to golden ones?
It's my pleasure.
All right. I'll see you tomorrow, then.
When did you come?
What was it?
What was with the golden golf clubs?
If you bribe someone carelessly,
you might get into trouble later.
I'm so sorry,
but I have to go shopping now.
Ms. Kim. Fit Ms. Cho for me, okay?
What? That's wrong. Just wrong!
How could you leave it to her?
Ms. Kim.
Push Ms. Cho's fitting back
to the day after tomorrow.
All right? Since I have
no time tomorrow too. Move.
Well, then.
Is she out of her mind?
What's wrong with her?
Has she gone insane?
Apparently, her husband has been
promoted to chief of the OPC.
Chief of the OPC? Mr. An has?
But how? He wasn't that good.
My goodness!
What? So are you saying
our government planned